Originally this began as part of the awesomely fun DF Wanderer mod by Deon (itself an homage to the Wanderer's Friend as I recall) and naturally won't work right without it. Drop them in over the ones there or mix and match parts as you like, but I highly suggest trying a fight as a new adventurer against a steel boned dragon, heck even the iron boned rocs tend to have a pretty good track record of cool scars or missing limbs.

I tweaked the balm of strength and balm of power buffs, and then added in three more so Rocs, Dragons, and Hydras all give different buffs, with the balm of power being a stack of all the lesser ones with a cherry on top. Don't ask me why I made hydras give a balm of wisdom... lots of heads I guess? I was sleepy.

I also upgraded the bones to be equivalent to: copper -> semimega, iron -> mega, and steel -> dragon/hydra. I did have to screw with the carefully crafted layout for the various bonecarving reactions but I honestly didn't keep fiddling with it once I got it to stop burying me in hundreds of dragon bone breastplates. I have been meaning to put the needle and such reagents back in but then I got distracted hurling myself around, so meh, here's what I'm rolling with, the important part of reaction_adventurer is just the balm section. Heck, the gloves require using a script or gm-editor to make them left/right handed!

Still, the improved bone properties gives significantly more threatening megabeasts, which is worth it by itself, honestly. I got bored with glass cannon dragons pretty quickly, getting maimed by them is far more fun, and I love the mental image of running around wearing the bones of dragons and hydras with a roc hide cloak. Oh yeah, I couldn't get the stronger skin material to work with the roc right so I just left the scales in, yeah it's a little weird but eh, they're noticeably harder to kill like this, so again, once I got it working and fun I left it.

So yeah, I took the "auto-quest" feel which DF Wanderer gave me and ran with it, the incremental growth, trekking across the world asking villagers about the scary things in the night, brainpunching said scary things, then coming back wearing them and telling the folks about it is fun! The "final level" of combined/stacked buffs from the balm of power gives a reason to go hunt down all of the different ways to get maimed, and the improved bone properties give you progressively better and better gear to hack from their bones and hide, assuming you're smart and don't try to jump straight for a dragon or hydra asap, in which case you get to reroll and go find your corpse. :D
